# Software Development Process

One of the earliest decisions we made during the development process, and one that turned out to work well for our team, was to split the team into front end and back end sub-teams. Since our team is comprised of seven people we decided it would be best to create two groups of three and keep one member of our group (Vincent) as a "floater". The floater was responsible for helping out with and ultimately combining the back end and the front end. This allowed us to separate the work based on each member’s knowledge and skills in web development. 

We also followed the scrum process, dividing our work into several scrums for each week of each phase. We met at the beginning of each phase to plan the work required to complete for the phase, and decide on which incomplete work items from the previous phase should be removed from the backlog, or implemented in the current or next phase of the project. Throughout each phase, we used Facebook to communicate with each other, within each sub-team and the group as a whole. This was more efficient than meeting on a daily basis since it was difficult to accommodate everyone’s schedule for daily meetings.   

For the first two phases of the project, we did not use the GitHub issue system and used Facebook instead to delegate tasks among each member of each sub-team. We used Facebook to address problems, make decisions, and lead daily discussions about the work that each member was working on, the work that is already complete, and the remaining work to be completed. However, this decision did not work well for us since it was hard to keep track of tasks for the project and the status of each task. Therefore, for phases 3 and 4 of the project, we switched to the GitHub issue system for keeping track of and delegating work, which proved to be a lot more organized and efficient for our team.  

An ideal development process for our team would include the division of our team into sub-teams and use our scrum-like process with meetings at the beginning of each phase, and daily Facebook discussions instead of daily meetings. It would also involve using the GitHub issue and milestone system to track and assign tasks, and determine which tasks should be completed for each milestone. Then, Facebook would be used for general discussions and resolving problems or answering questions among each sub-team and the team as a whole, while GitHub would be used for the formal delegation and organization of work among the team. Using Facebook for daily discussions instead of meetings allows each member of our group to focus on their individual work and tasks assigned, and gives them more time to complete the work. The ideal process would also include weekly group meetings, in addition to meetings at the beginning of each phase, to ensure each member of the group is on track. 


