# ROSI (ROSI Online Scheduler Improved)

Our product is an online timetable management tool, specifically for U of T students that simplifies their daily lives by having all class and deadline information in one, convenient web-based place. Since our product is a web application, users can access the information from any device that has access to the Internet, and are not limited to a single device. 

There are many features we included that were not part of the original handout. For instance, a security question for resetting a forgotten password or the ability to email individual or all students enrolled in a course. This feature is helpful if a user missed a class and needs to get some important information or wants to setup a study session with other students, by providing a way to contact other students of a given course.  

Additionally, our application stores all course information from the U of T 2014-2015 timetable website in the backend, so users can easily find courses they are enrolled in and retrieve all important information corresponding to those courses. This feature provides users the convenience of not having to know all course-specific information and ensuring that the course information is correct when adding a course to their account. This feature also allows users to plan and choose which courses they want to actually enroll in by viewing how courses would fit together on their calendar, and checking if any courses would conflict with one another. 

Upon first visiting our site, a user will create an account by entering a valid “@utoronto.ca” or “@mail.utoronto.ca” email and password with their choice of security question and a corresponding answer. Once they have created an account, they will login to view their initially empty calendar. The user will navigate to the ‘Manage’ page where they will add all of their lecture sections and tutorials for each course in which they are enrolled in. Once the user has added all of their courses to their account, they will create deadlines for each course. A deadline can be an assignment, a problem set, a midterm, etc. These deadlines, along with all of the lecture sections and tutorials for each course the user added, will automatically show up on the user’s calendar. 

Another typical user might log into our application on a daily basis to check which classes, tutorials, and deadlines they have to attend or complete for the day and upcoming week or month. Upon logging in, the user will be presented with a calendar view that displays all of their course lecture sections, tutorials, and deadlines, in a colour-coded manner for easier view and categorization. The user can choose to view only lecture sections and tutorials, or only deadlines on their calendar. The user can also navigate to the ‘Courses’ page where they can view course-specific information for each course, as well as the list of deadlines they created for each course. The user can also view the students enrolled in each course, with an option to email an individual or all students of a given course. 


