##MVP##

We are making a time management tool for students that relies partially on student generated data which circumvents the requirement of instructor participation. A student will create an account using their student email address which saves their individual multi-course calendars from session to session. 

Our program allows students to search for and add the courses they are currently enrolled in during a semester and input each courses' important dates and deadlines into their own personal calendar. When a course and meeting section is added to a calendar, this tool provides users with the essential information, such as instructor, TAs, location, date, and time. Along with this information, students can then input the instructor-supplied course information to their personal calendars such as assignment deadlines, midterm/exam times, and office hours for each course. 

Students will also have the option to view, post, and import the data from a public timetable unique to each course. A courses' public timetable is a place where students have the option to post their meeting section's possible dates and times for assignments, midterms/exams, and office hours while other students have the option to disagree and "vote down" the due dates if they believe them to be incorrect. The due dates will then be listed in order of the highest posting to disagree ratio, this means the more people who post a due date and the less people who disagree with it, the higher up on the list the due date will be. For example, if any student is unsure of the actual date of an assignment deadline, they can refer to the public timetable and the first listed date will most likely be the correct deadline.